Don't you ever fucking touch me!
[screams]
[grunting]
- [screams]
- [gasps]
[Kestrel]
Cade says we got a daughter
same age as yours.
Love to get them together.
That would be great.
Your options
are stay here with me
or you figure out
- your life on your own.
- I want out of this fucking car!
♪ somber music ♪
[Cade] That sure is
a permanent solution
to a temporary problem.
I'm not...
- Are you my friend?
- Of course.
- Get on a plane. I need you.
- I will be there
first thing in the morning.
What's your name?
Abby.
You're all right. Abby.
[kids giggling]
[Abigail]
Oh. my God.
[Preston]
She may be the oldest.
but she's still my baby
and picking her up
when she falls
is my job.
♪ slow. haunting music ♪
♪ music swells ♪
♪
[insects trilling]
- [door opens]
- [footsteps approaching]
- [loud thump]
- [exclaims] What?
- What?
- Caddis are hatching.
[groans]
- What. now?
- Right now.
Let's go.
- Oh. sure. yeah. Okay.
- Night owl gets the worm.
[groaning]
I need coffee.
- We're not waiting for coffee.
- [pouring]
Oh. Of course.
Thanks.
- [strained] Yeah!
- [chuckling]
That'll do it. Mm.
[groaning]
- I'll meet you outside.
- Okay.
Yeah.
[grunts]
♪ pastoral music ♪
- Ooh!
- Yeah.
♪
I got to say.
I like how you always point me
to a good hole. Paul.
- [chuckles]
- And somehow
always find yourself
on a better one.
Strange how that happens.
isn't it?
Yeah.
I'm gonna find my own hole.
You do that. big brother.
Fish the middle.
It's night.
The trout aren't afraid
of the eagles now.
They're in the middle.
♪ soft music ♪
Whoa!
[Paul laughing]
There we go.
[laughing]
Paul.
- [laughing] Oh...
- Oh.
[chuckles]
- Hey!
- [laughs]
Get out of my hole.
[giggling]
♪
[exhales]
[grunts]
[sighs]
[grunts softly]
Do you know what today is?
Uh. knew what it was
when you woke me up. but
- [chuckles]
- got no clue now.
Is it today?
Is it tomorrow?
It's Melissa's birthday.
You know. sometimes. I...
I-I worry.
- About what?
- [sighs]
About the day you wake up
and this seems normal. ordinary.
You find yourself.
I don't know. maybe...
...lacking in purpose.
Been here 20 years
and it hasn't felt ordinary yet.
Doesn't feel ordinary today.
Not sure
why that would worry you.
The worry is what you do next.
[chuckles]
So. you think me finding
some woman to wipe my ass
throughout the twilight years
is somehow a...
a deterrent to suicide?
Not when you say it like that.
You're the one person
that's never asked me.
Don't change that today.
Okay.
Thank you.
Can I ask you why?
Because when I said
"till death do us part..."
...I meant my death.
You of all people
should understand that.
♪ melancholy music ♪
Yeah. brother.
that I understand.
I understood exactly.
Because I feel the same.
This is getting harder.
♪
[sobbing]
It's okay to drink water
from the river?
- Yeah. we're boiling it. so...
- Huh.
I don't think you can boil
the bad out of the Hudson.
Oh. look at that.
[chuckles]
It's just bubbling up
right there.
How do you know when it's done?
I go by the color.
When it looks like espresso.
I pull it.
And I thought I knew
all there was to know
about making coffee.
Oh. Apparently the methods
are endless.
[grunts softly]
"If no percolator
or filter can be found.
boil water in a pot.
then crack an egg--
shell and all-- into the water.
Add two teaspoons
of coffee per cup.
Let sit about two minutes
and stir.
The egg will adhere
to the grounds.
You scoop it out.
Drink up."
What is that?
Preston's journal.
He started it
when they bought the place.
Twenty years ago?
Mm. Longer.
"For the first time
in my life...
...I own land.
Not a building
or apartment. Land.
Unlike the other two.
which feel more akin to a gopher
occupying a different hole.
I'm a steward now.
solely responsible
for how much this land changes
or how much it stays the same.
Best I can hope
is be a benign nuisance
to this place.
Man's goal in society
is to be remembered.
In nature. it is
to be forgotten.
unnoticed.
Leave as little proof I was here
as I possibly can.
That will be my gift
to this place."
Who wrote that?
Preston.
[chuckles softly]
There's a man in here
I barely knew. Lili.
And he begged me...
...to know him.
I remember one Thanksgiving.
[chuckles softly]
I was back from college.
I was laid up on the sofa
with a hangover.
[both chuckle]
And my father walked in
and he asked me
if I wanted to go for a walk.
I said no.
[scoffs]
And I never thought of it again
until 30 years...
...later. and all of his
children are racing to Boston.
trying to beat death to his bed
and say goodbye.
And I asked him if he remembered
inviting me to go on that walk.
And he nodded and he smiled.
And I asked him.
"Do you remember
what you wanted to talk about?"
And he shook his head
and he said.
"I didn't want to talk.
I just wanted to listen."
This is not cheering me up.
My point is.
he told you everything
that he wanted you to know
while he was here.
If he had wanted you to know
what was in that book
while he was alive...
...he would have told you.
He's telling you now
because now is
when he wants you to know it.
[coffee pot percolating]
How's this thing work?
Oh. it's deceptively simple.
You just pour.
[chuckles softly]
Dare I ask for creamer?
- No. you can ask.
- [chuckles]
- Thank you.
- Mm-hmm.
All right. I am here to work.
I have been given
a list of to-dos
from Preston's attorneys.
I'm only gonna
ask this of you once.
and then we won't
have to talk about it again.
The death certificate
is in my purse.
So. the apartment and the house
in the Hamptons are in a trust.
- Mm-hmm.
- Along with all
of his investments.
his bank accounts--
everything.
You are executor and beneficiary
until your death.
at which time the law firm
will assume the role of executor
and the trust is divided
equally between Abigail.
Bridgett. Macy. and Paige.
Okay.
The will does list
burial instructions.
He wanted to be buried here.
There's a spot marked on a map.
♪ sentimental music ♪
I know the spot.
If I sell it...
...the new owners
can exhume the bodies.
move them. cremate them--
whatever they choose.
Well. what if you...
[short exhale]
...you exempt this part
from sale?
Then what--
I fly back here once a year?
Sit here for an hour?
How many funerals
have we been to?
Parents. grandparents. friends.
Have you ever been back
to visit. once?
Okay. so keep it.
But keeping it doesn't require
you to live here.
I...
Preston didn't live here.
Well. Preston didn't live here
because I refused
to entertain the notion.
Because the notion
isn't rational.
You think I'm using my logical
mind to make this decision?
The only thing on my mind...
...is "how do I get
through the day without him?"
I was only three years older
than Bridgett
when I met him.
I can't...
...explain the pain.
Lili.
It's so...
...fucking piercing that...
...I'm not able
to remember to breathe. It...
It's a good thing
that breathing is...
...an automatic response.
because if I could choose
not to remember...
Maybe in six weeks
I'll feel foolish
and I'll miss you...
and I'll miss New York
and I'll miss the noise.
But for now.
I can sit on that porch.
I can stand by the river
and I can feel him.
I...
His soul is here.
I know it sounds ridiculous.
but it's here.
And I...
feel it.
Best friend's job
isn't to tell you what to do.
My job is to help you do it.
- Okay?
- Okay.
Okay.
[sniffling]
- So where do we start?
- Oh.
[chuckles softly]
- Whiskey.
- Okay.
♪ gentle music ♪
[exhales sharply]
[scoffs]
Any hint of mystery
in our marriage is gone.
Gone.
I disagree.
I think you're still quite
the mystery to...
That's not what you--
Okay. I understand. I get it.
I'm gonna take a shower.
Try to wash the shame away.
There's no shame. honey.
Remember?
Everybody Poops.
Children's book.
It normalizes. you know.
basic human behavior.
body functions.
Wh...
It's pretty great.
[door opens]
Do you want a coffee?
I want a hotel suite with
his and her bathrooms
and a fucking bidet.
- [door slams]
- And a facial!
My skin is turning into leather!
♪ atmospheric music
Whoa.
That's an Indian.
- "Native American."
[Paige]
Do you think she's lost?
[Macy]
She doesn't have any shoes.
What are you looking at?
There is a literal Indian on--
"Native American."
Native American on a horse
outside the window.
[Abigail]
What?
[clears throat]
Oh!
God! What the fuck?!
Didn't mean to scare you.
Me? No.
Um. I-I scared you.
I'm so sorry.
You just spooked the horse.
But that ain't hard to do.
[chuckles]
There a girl here about my age?
Uh. there...
Well. there's. um...
Uh. why? Do you need her
for something?
Whoa. whoa.
Hey. Kayla.
I came to meet your daughter.
All right. well. let me get her.
Hey. girls?
Want to be friends?
Me?
Can you ride?
That's not my daughter.
That's my sister.
I'm 26.
You sure?
Pretty sure. Yeah.
Hi.
Can I pet him?
You bet.
Hello.
What's his name?
Shorty.
He's not very short.
He was when we named him.
- You got a horse?
- Yeah.
Saddle him up.
Oh.
He's still at the Olympics.
Where's that?
France.
You can ride one of mine.
- Whoa. Um...
- Wow.
[Russell]
Whoa. Uh...
Wait. wait. wait. uh...
- Bridgett!
- Oh. my God. That Indian girl
- just rode off with your child.
- Be careful!
- Abby. do something.
- [Abigail] What do you--
She's the neighbor.
They'll be fine.
- Unless she falls off and dies.
- What do you want me
to do. Paige?
[phone rings]
[door opens. closes]
Hi.
I'm ready to go home.
You and me both.
Uh. okay.
Should we say noon?
- [door opens]
- Okay. we'll be there.
[door closes]
Hi.
This is Abby. from--
Yeah. Yeah. the neighbor.
[chuckles softly]
Um...
I think my daughter's
headed there.
At least I hope she is.
She's with Kayla.
Okay. yep.
I'll keep an eye out for 'em.
There's just-- There's something
we need to take care of in town.
Uh. do you think you could
watch her till we get back?
I can't promise I won't
- put her to work.
- Well.
I can't promise
there's much work in her.
but you're welcome to try.
She's fine here all day.
whether she's working or not.
Oh. I think I see 'em
coming over the hill now.
Thank you.
♪ thoughtful music ♪
Hey. Russell?
I need you to do me a favor.
What's that?
[clicks tongue]
Ooh.
Well...
according to the guide.
it's a...
coyote?
No.
Might be a wolf.
There's wolves here?
According to this book.
there's every species
that threatens our place
atop the food chain.
What's the food chain?
Well. I'm not sure
that I'm qualified
to answer that. but...
Uh. think about it
like this. Uh...
A fly gets caught
in a spider's web.
The spider eats it.
Then the frog eats the spider
and then the snake eats the frog
and then the hawk
eats the snake.
That's the food chain.
What eats the hawk?
Well. I think. uh...
you know. the hawk is-is-is...
uh. just up there. you know?
Near the. uh. near the top.
But there's things
bigger than hawks.
Ri...
Hawks are like the. uh...
you know. the air force
of the animal kingdom.
Land animals would have
a tough time getting them.
I mean. of course. I guess...
a mountain lion could
climb a tree to get them.
You know what. I don't know.
I'm sure there are variances
to the food chain that I. uh...
that I am unaware of.
[softly clears throat]
What's that?
Oh.
Turn to the scat section.
What's "scat"?
It's the mountain word
for "poop." apparently.
That's poop?
That...
is elk poop. to be exact.
So. the elk was on this trail
and so was the wolf.
You think the wolf
was hunting the elk?
Uh...
Maybe.
And then the elk saw the wolf
and it scared
the shit out of them.
[chuckles]
Uh. well.
I object to your phrasing.
but. uh...
the evidence does.
uh. support that theory.
Think there were wolves in
New York before it was a city?
I bet there was.
Wolves and bears
and everything that's here.
Hmm.
I can't remember his face.
It's only been a few days.
and I already forgot
what he looked like.
I can. uh...
I can show you a picture.
There.
[clears throat]
[Macy sighs]
From now on. pictures
is the only way I'll see him.
♪ mournful music ♪
[door shuts]
So...
most planes this size do not
have a flight data recorder.
But because he flew
for the Forest Service.
one was installed.
This information helps us
understand better what happened.
I am happy to explain
what took place
if you don't wish to listen.
But it is
your right to listen. so...
the choice is yours.
Have you listened?
Yes. ma'am. I have.
And is there something
to learn from it?
How is this... helpful?
For your daughters.
I don't think it is.
In fact. I would...
That's not my place to say.
Say it.
If I were you.
I wouldn't listen.
If I were you. I would.
I'm staying.
Me too.
Play it.
- [metal creaking. clattering]
- [Preston] Jesus!
[Paul]
Big Sky approach.
This is Cessna 185 Bravo Zulu.
I need a SWAP.
[controller] Copy. Nancy-Bravo.
Speed and altitude?
[Paul]
130 knots at 8.200.
[controller] Maintain southwest
heading. climb to 11.000.
[Paul]
Copy that. 11.000.
Thank you. tower.
We'll get up over this.
- [rumbling]
- [Preston] Jesus! Fuck. Paul!
- [Paul] Just hold on.
- [Preston] Christ!
- Stacy!
- [crash]
[recording cuts off]
Oh. my God. [crying]
[door opens. closes]
[door opens]
[door closes]
[Van]
You were his last thought.
I figured
you'd want to know that.
Is there anything else?
Do I need to sign something?
No. ma'am.
[door opens]
♪ pensive music ♪
[door closes]
♪
Come on.
Come on. Paige.
Goddamn it. Preston!
This was not an accident.
Th-This was a choice!
You chose this.
You chose it.
and look what it's doing to us!
[Van]
I said the same thing.
When my wife died.
Walked out
and stared at the sky.
And I cursed her for
being reckless with her life.
Which was my life.
That's the promise we made.
I gave her mine
and she gave me hers.
I want to hate him for it.
Yeah. I said that. too.
[crying]
Been four years.
And in that time.
I ain't learned a single thing
that's gonna help you
get through this.
The kids is a reason.
but you already know that.
You're mad at him now.
Later. I guess you'll be mad
at me for letting you hear it.
But I watched my wife die.
And I ain't got a clue
what her last thought was.
Time's coming
when you'd have wondered.
Now you don't have to.
[crying]
[door opens]
You're her friend?
Yeah.
She could sure use one.
[Liliana]
Stacy?
You know the five stages
of grief?
I'm aware of them.
Well...
...today I just
sped right through denial.
I got to tell you.
These pants are Chanel.
so you know.
Never doubt my love for you.
I don't.
All these doctors want
to make a math problem
out of how we feel.
There's five stages for this.
seven for that.
Doesn't work that way.
No.
You were the last thought
in his mind.
Stacy. you were the very last.
Most will never
know a love like that.
I don't.
[Abigail] A little warning
would have been nice.
Told you not to listen.
You could've gone
into more detail.
I'm sorry.
It's not your fault.
I'm just...
A good part of my job
is giving bad news
to good people.
And I hate it.
When you called...
...I thought you were
calling for me.
I-I was.
You're who I called.
To talk to me.
You seemed so much brighter
30 seconds ago.
You do recall that we kissed?
I... I remember that.
So I presumed
that you were calling
because you liked it. and...
...maybe you wanted to do it
some more.
[weak chuckle]
Uh. yeah. might-might want to...
you know. stick a date somewhere
in there before the next one.
[chuckles] Okay.
If you want to be old-fashioned.
then yeah. Okay.
A date. Date it is.
So...
what does one do
on a date out here?
Uh. it depends
on the time of year. I guess.
Right now. you float the river.
have a picnic.
run some horses
into the mountains.
No indoor dates.
A pretty average saloon in town.
But I've arrested
most everyone in there. so...
room can get a little tense.
What about wintertime?
You go skiing.
Snowmobiles is fun.
[chuckles]
These all seem to have
an element of speed.
Well. what's a date in New York?
We go to a movie. um...
see a play.
Oh. so you...
you sit in silence
and watch other people talk?
Okay. well. at least they aren't
timed events
like the fucking Olympics.
This ain't-this ain't a "which
has better dates" contest.
I'm just curious.
Go to a museum.
Then a café.
Maybe a pub after.
We ain't got none of those.
Right.
Let's float the river.
Think you'll like that.
Okay.
I can be here by 4:00.
Deal.
Okay.
I'll see you at 4:00.
Yep.
Oh. for God's sake.
♪ gentle music ♪
Oh.
Uh. Macy! Look. look!
- I think I saw an eagle.
- Oh. my God.
- [Macy] I don't see it.
- [Russell] Ah...
Right over the trees.
Mom. guess what?
- What?
- We found a spot
where the wolf scared
the scat out of an elk.
The what?
Scat. It's what they call
poop in Montana.
- Oh.
- It's a...
it's a term used in tracking.
Tracking.
- We'll discuss it on the boat.
- Okay.
[Russell]
Macy. come on. Let's go
- wash the scat off of us.
- Mm-hmm.
[mouthing]
[clears throat]
Is there somewhere to change
in that cabin?
Uh. there's a bathroom.
And by that.
I mean a room with a bath.
Should work.
Feel like I'm 13.
You think today
is the best day for us to...
I would love to feel good
for a few hours.
I have all night to feel bad.
I... There is just...
There's something
about this uniform.
It's $28
at Western Police Supply.
Well. it's money well spent.
See you at 4:00.
Honey?
[Paige crying]
Honey.
Hey.
Hey. Hey.
Come here. Come here.
I heard it.
I heard him die.
I got you.
I got you. It's okay.
[crying continuing]
[door opens]
[sighs]
[sniffles]
Don't mind me. I'm just mourning
the death of our bank.
Paige. I didn't mean--
If you didn't mean it.
then why did you say it?
[crying]
Get changed.
We're going on a field trip.
A... a field trip?
I think we all need a break.
Come on.
[footsteps approaching]
You fall in?
I sat in.
Van invited me
to float the river.
- Mm.
- I'm gonna bring
Paige and Russell.
My date has
turned into group therapy.
Do you want to come?
- Are you taking Macy?
- Mom.
I can't leave her here alone.
Hey.
Leave her here with me.
Well. I have another daughter
running wild somewhere.
I'll find her.
- We can stay. if you want.
- No.
This was his favorite place
on earth.
I can think of nothing
that would please him more
than you seeing it.
Send Macy down.
Abby.
You didn't ask my opinion.
but if I were you.
I would set my hooks
pretty deep in that one.
They're not making
any more men like him.
This has less
than no chance. Mom.
But he is a beautiful diversion.
Mm-hmm.
[Preston] "September
is my favorite time here.
There's a bite
to the air in the morning.
Leaves begin to turn.
and we are done
with the tedium
of matching flies to a hatch.
It's hopper season.
No more scouring
the ground for bugs
or studying the leaves
of a willow.
Just tie on a number 12 hopper
and give 'em hell."
Twelve hopper.
♪ gentle music ♪
[door closes]
Well. honey. I stand corrected.
Your OCD
did have a purpose.
Now.
did you tell me how to...
tie this on?
Course you did.
[keys continue clacking]
Ma'am?
[chime plays]
Can I help you?
Yes. I am a friend
of the Clyburn family.
Preston Clyburn and his brother.
- Paul?
- Mm-hmm. Yes.
Funeral home called.
Said Mrs. Clyburn wanted them
buried on the property.
Uh. I've done some research.
and it seems that if we dedicate
a portion of the property to--
This is the application.
What you need to do
is notate on the plat map
the exact location
of the cemetery.
Have her sign and return.
And how long
does this process take?
About 90 days.
Oh. we don't. uh...
[chuckles softly]
We don't have 90 days.
I don't think that this family
has another week in them.
You have to wait 90 days
to allow residents
to contest a location.
Nobody will. but that's the law.
Well. what is the family
supposed to do
with the bodies before we--
This is a conditional permit.
It allows the funeral home
to release the bodies
and allow for their immediate
burial on the site.
Hmm. This would have
taken six months
and three attorneys in New York.
[chuckles]
You ain't in New York.
So I just take this
to the funeral home?
Emailed it over this morning.
Oh.
Please extend our condolences.
Paul was a real nice man.
He will be missed.
I'm not sure that you need this.
I got it at the church auction.
I thought it was for bingo.
Uh. but it's good to know
the screen works.
Didn't know it came
with a sound. though.
[chime playing repeatedly]
[chuckling]
It's pretty neat.
Have a nice day.
♪ tranquil music ♪
Hmm.
What you doing?
Want to go fishing?
- I don't know how.
- Neither do I.
But men do it drunk. so...
how hard can it be?
What's that for?
Uh. no clue.
I assume you've had
some form of. like.
swiftwater rescue training?
A fair share.
If you fall out of this
boat. all you need to do
is stand up. River ain't
three feet deep here.
I got to say.
I was not expecting this.
- Ooh.
- I've been floating
New Yorkers down this river
since I was a teenager.
I know what y'all like.
You. uh...
Hey. dig down to the bottom
and there's some
prosciutto and cantaloupe.
He's the perfect man.
If he thought
to get cheese. he is.
Keep hunting.
There's brie and honey.
- Russell?
- [Russell] Hmm?
Do you want a beer?
Uh. no. I'll get a glass--
Yeah. beer's fine.
Beer. uh. beer would be great.
You've got that
craft brew look about you.
I hope it's all right.
Oh. yeah. you bet.
I. uh. love it when they
taste like campfire.
- Mmm.
- [Paige] Honey.
what can you do to get veins
in your forearms like his?
Uh. steroids would do it.
Or exercise. one could argue.
I exercise.
I got him a Peloton
for Christmas.
and he's been using it.
What's a Peloton?
[both chuckle]
It's a stationary bike
with a monitor that allows you
to interact with other riders
through the Internet
- while you're riding.
- It's like a-like a spin class.
Yeah. except you don't
have to leave your house.
- Uh-huh.
- Because. I mean.
once you get home.
you don't ever really
want to leave. right? So...
- Mm.
- I mean. I suppose
I could. on my way home.
stop at the gym
and ride one of their bikes.
but you got to
bring a gym bag. and...
and you sweat
and you got to shower.
and I really don't
believe in showers as. like.
- a communal experience.
- Hmm.
Can't you just
go for a bike ride?
[both laughing]
In New York?
No. That's too dangerous.
Like. way. way too...
- No. you-you can't.
- [Abigail] It actually is.
I mean. if he doesn't
get run over.
he'd probably get robbed.
Thieves will just
pull you off at a red light.
ride off with your bike.
I'm serious.
[Van]
I'm not doubting you.
I got a friend who was
riding his bike in the forest
and. uh. got jumped
by a mountain lion.
- A mountain lion?
- Mm.
- What did he do?
They had a pretty good fight
about it.
Uh. my buddy stabbed him
with a knife till he run off.
Died under a tree.
Your friend died?
The mountain lion died.
Yeah. friend's fine.
[sighs]
His friend killed a lion
with his bare hands.
Well. with a knife. right?
Choke a lion to death
with your bare hands.
maybe I'm impressed.
but come on.
[Paige]
Wow. Look at that.
I guess that's why
they call it Big Sky Country.
How come
it's so much bigger here?
It's even bigger than the beach.
You ever notice how the sky
at the beach is only.
like. over the ocean?
Paige. your blonde is showing.
No. think about it.
you only ever see
half the sky at the beach.
[Abigail] That's because
you're facing the ocean.
If you just turn around.
you'd see the other half.
Yeah. duh.
But what I'm saying is
- is that it tricks your mind.
- [Abigail] No. it tricks
your mind. Paige. The rest of
our minds have it figured out.
Oh. excuse me. "get a hot
boyfriend. I know everything."
I'm Abby Wikipedia.
This is why I don't take
my sisters on the river.
Mm-mmm.
[Russell]
You said there was prosciutto?
♪ pastoral music ♪
[Van]
So. there's nicks. nymphs.
emergers. and then the adults.
But then the nymphs--
they might live for two years
before they rise.
then fly up and breed.
And that's it.
Fall back to the river.
deposit their eggs.
and their life is over.
Well. that is tragic.
[chuckles]
It ain't tragic.
That's their purpose.
And the fact that
we're watching 'em
is proof they succeeded.
[chuckles]
God. I am so
out of practice at this.
Mm. [chuckles]
Ah.
Yeah. you and me both.
Well. I guess the question is...
...should we be trying?
I doubt you're moving here. and
I ain't never
moving to New York.
Look. I am a 37-year-old
divorced mother of two.
I don't have a luxury
of expecting good heart.
great smile...
...and geography.
When I met Dallas. my ex.
I was pregnant first.
And then love came later.
if it...
if it came at all.
But he was sweet and supportive.
and before you knew it.
we had a family.
My juvenile attempt to
recreate what
my parents had created.
I look at people out here.
and they're married at 20.
They're still in love
with a life that they built
and kids running everywhere.
Where I'm from.
having a child at 20
is a catastrophe.
I tried to hide
behind the marriage
and pretend like
it was the plan all along.
Don't get me wrong.
I love my girls.
Bridgett is...
the most wonderful mistake
I have ever made.
and I am glad I made it.
But when you say "till death
do us part." you mean it.
When we say it.
our mind's just
on the reception.
Does that make sense?
Not really.
Look. maybe floating a river
is as far as this goes.
but in the off chance that
this is the start of something.
I don't want you
to think that...
I don't even-- I don't know
how to say this. I...
I don't want you to think
that there is some great love
I'm comparing you to.
because I have no great love
to judge you against.
We don't need
to be comparing nothing.
I don't think
that's fair to anybody.
My wife wasn't as pretty as you.
Hell. I don't...
I don't think I've ever met
anyone as pretty as you.
[chuckles softly]
She was skinny.
Big gap between her front teeth.
And if she stood across
the river from us right now...
...I would run to her.
Run.
And I doubt my feet
would touch water.
My boys have been
begging me to date for a year.
I mean. she was the love
of my life since eighth grade.
What are the odds I get two?
♪ pensive music ♪
I do have a frame
of reference. and
please don't take this
the wrong way when I tell you.
You got a lot to live up to.
As much as I like sitting here.
it hurts more
than you'll ever know.
So if you're wondering
how I feel about you...
I feel enough
to sit here and take it.
That's a lot to live up to.
Yes. ma'am.
I'll make you a deal.
What's that?
The part of your heart
that she has.
she can keep.
I wish it was that easy.
I mean. wasn't this boat ride.
wasn't it just. like...
a reason to forget?
Wasn't that the point?
That...
that was
the original goal. yes.
Then let's get to it.
[gasps]
Fish. right there.
Aah!
That's not how you do it.
[sighs]
I'm aware.
The book says
swing the rod
between ten and two.
What's ten and two?
Uh. it refers to. uh. a time
when watches had hands.
Watches had hands?
Okay.
Ten and two.
Ten. two.
I think this is right.
Okay. what does it say now?
"Point your hands where you want
the fly to hit the water."
Oh!
You caught one!
What do I do?
Uh... you're supposed to pull
- the line with your hand.
- Why?
I don't know.
That's what it says.
I have a better idea.
Okay...
- [grunts]
- [exclaims]
Get it. get it!
- Get it. get it! Oh. Oh. oh.
- [grunts]
that might be a bit excessive.
- I got it!
- Okay. get him!
Oh! Aah!
We caught a fish.
- We caught a fish!
- We caught a...
[laughing. cheering]
It's so clear.
What?
What? Why are you staring
at me like a stalker?
I'm staring at you
like your husband.
Yeah. if I was married
to a stalker.
[chuckles]
What?
You're beautiful.
Yeah. you think?
I do think.
What's your favorite part?
My swollen ass
or this fucking shiner?
Ugh.
It's a tough choice.
You still think I'm pretty?
No. "pretty" isn't
a strong enough word.
Then get off your ass
and come fucking woo me.
All right.
Jesus. take the hint.
Whoo!
[grunts]
Now sweep me off my feet.
All right. Like this?
- [grunts]
- Ooh!
- God bless the Peloton. yes.
- [chuckles]
Like that.
Mmm.
You're heavier than you look.
What the fuck did you just say?
No. I mean like
muscle density. BMI.
You know. it's a compliment.
In what caveman universe
is that a compliment?
- Put me down.
- Okay. fine.
- Russell? Don't...
- You want to see a caveman?
- I swear to God. Honey?
- [grunting]
Okay. okay. okay. wait.
I will give you the blowjob
of the year
- if you don't do this.
- Oh. wow. [shouts]
Wait. of the decade.
of the decade.
Honey. please.
this is a terrible way
for a marriage to end.
Don't do this.
God. I feel like I have
so much power right now.
- Ah!
- Okay. Wait. I'm begging you.
Keep begging.
[moans]
Okay. fine.
You win.
Take me back to the shore
and have your way with me.
Really got to lay off
the cannolis. baby.
Okay. after we fuck.
you are in real trouble.
[Russell chuckles]
So. the trick is to keep
his head looking outside
as you come into the barrel.
then release him and
he'll spring right around it.
- Pull his head away?
- Just a little.
I'll show you.
♪ vibrant music ♪
Got it?
I think so.
Give him a go.
Okay.
[kisses]
Whoa! Whoa.
Pretty good for never doing it.
[laughs]
That was amazing!
[laughing]
Bridgett.
You mama called.
She wants you home.
Okay.
I don't know the way.
I know the way.
I'll pony your horse back
for you.
Looking good. girls.
Thank you.
I'll grab the gate.
[clicking tongue]
[kisses]
[Abigail]
Mmm. What are these again?
Uh. fritters of sorts
with zucchini from the garden.
There's zucchini in the garden?
There is a bit of everything
in the garden.
- How many fish did you catch?
- Seven.
- What?
- [Russell] No kidding?
- Mm-hmm.
- [Paige] I find that
very hard to believe. Mom.
Oh. you caught me. Paige.
I bought it from the fishmonger
in Three Forks.
You caught them?
With a pole?
Yeah. that's how it's done.
This is all very suspect.
I need evidence.
Oh. evidence.
Um. kind of like that leaf
embedded in your hair.
- How did that happen. Paige?
- Oh... [chuckles]
What? I fell.
Oh. Uh-huh.
I did. You try walking
a riverbank in Louboutins.
I bet I know exactly
what you fell on.
Oh. look who's talking
while you were swallowing
- Deputy Do-Right's tonsils.
- [exclaiming. laughing]
- Ew.
- Okay. so gross. I...
[Liliana sniffling]
[sniffles]
I'm sorry.
I wonder if you know how happy
this would make him.
It would. it...
It'd fill his heart.
♪ mournful music ♪
Let's talk about tomorrow.
What's tomorrow?
Tomorrow. we bury them.